 

## Wallet file

 

You can use the 'platon' executable file to generate a wallet file. Taking the keystore folder under the 'data' directory as an example, you can execute the following command in the node working directory (such as `~/platon-node`):

 

- Windows

 

```
mkdir data
platon.exe --datadir .\data account new
```

 

Enter the password 2 times after the following prompt to encrypt the wallet file

 

```
Your new account is locked with a password. Please give a password. Do not forget this password.
Passphrase:
Repeat passphrase:
Address: {550ae58b051a8e942f858ef22019c1c622292f7e}
```

 

- Ubuntu

 

```
mkdir -p data
./platon --datadir ./data account new
```

 

Enter the password 2 times after the following prompt to encrypt the wallet file

 

```
Your new account is locked with a password. Please give a password. Do not forget this password.
Passphrase:
Repeat passphrase:
Address: {550ae58b051a8e942f858ef22019c1c622292f7e}
```

 

The output 'Address' is the generated account address.

> Note: The wallet file and password are very important for the generated account address. Losing the wallet file or forgetting the password will cause the token in the account to be lost. Please make a backup of the wallet file and remember the password.

 

Note: The above Windows operations are very similar to Ubuntu operations. Windows operations except for multiple executable files with '.ext' have only slight differences in path expressions. Therefore, the following description will only take Ubuntu operations as an example. The operations under Windows are no longer To repeat.

 

## Node key

 

Uses the Ubuntu environment as an example.

 

### Node Public and Private Key

 

Each node has a unique identity in the network. This identity is a public and private key pair, which can be generated by commands in the node's working directory (such as `~/platon-node`):


```
mkdir -p data
keytool genkeypair | tee >(grep "PrivateKey" | awk '{print $2}' > ./data/nodekey) >(grep "PublicKey" | awk '{print $3}' > ./data/nodeid)
```

Output results:

```
Address   :  0x6877944bC950799C0511beECB7824A818C35920D
PrivateKey:  002925955b165bd33be1d97082df17cd269f10e6f5142f77e2605ed591d314bf
PublicKey :  064a22d0bbf537125f1beeab0efcf77b0a62680d44f5b66a2d12574b159601e662edbb6b57aea5eafabbff8ba5157ef613fe4b176cb8d97ea4951b6815748973
```

 

'PrivateKey' is the private key of the node, and 'PublicKey' is the public key of the node. The public key is used to identify the identity of the node, and can be made public.

 

At the same time, two files will be generated in the subdirectory `data` under the working directory of the node:

- nodeid
  Node public key (ID) file, which holds the public key of the node.
- nodekey
  Node private key file, which holds the private key of the node.

 

### Node BLS Public and Private Key

 

PlatON nodes require BLS public and private key pairs in addition to the node's public and private keys. This key pair is used in the consensus protocol. The key pair can be generated by commands in the node's working directory (such as `~/platon-node`):

 

```
mkdir -p data
keytool genblskeypair | tee >(grep "PrivateKey" | awk '{print $2}' > ./data/blskey) >(grep "PublicKey" | awk '{print $3}' > ./data/blspub)
```

Output results:

```
PrivateKey:  f22a785c80bd1095beff1f356811268eae6c94abf0b2b4e2d64918957b74783e
PublicKey :  4bf873a66df92ada50a8c6bacb132ffd63437bcde7fd338d2d8696170034a6332e404ac3abb50326ee517ec5f63caf12891ce794ed14f8528fa7c54bc0ded7c5291f708116bb8ee8adadf1e88588866325d764230f4a45929d267a9e8f264402
```

 

'PrivateKey' is the BLS private key of the node, and 'PublicKey' is the BLS public key of the node. The BLS public key is used to quickly verify the signature in the consensus protocol and can be publicized. The BLS private key cannot be made public and needs to be backed up.

 

At the same time, two files will be generated in the subdirectory `data` under the working directory of the node:

- blspub
  Node BLS public key file, which holds the node's BLS public key.
- blskey
  The node BLS private key file holds the node's BLS private key.